because he is under attack we stay under
attack let's go
the US ambassador is you got to send us
you're not the first responders you will
wait
[Music]
we have no jurisdiction of this country
we're not even supposed to be here
losing the initiative stand down if you
do not get here soon
none of you have to go we are the only
help they
thank you coming in we're all property
chief are we expecting any friendlies I
am not aware of any friendlies
[Music]
unleash hate on these guys
will determine whether we live or die as
long as I'm doing the right thing God
will take care of me if you don't send a
supportive
the Americans are going to take
including the one talking to you right
now
you're not giving origin
in my world up
then once tonight
up here
thinking about my girls man